---
title: npm-unpublish
section: 1
description: Remove a package from the registry
github_repo: npm/cli
github_branch: release/v7
github_path: docs/content/commands/npm-unpublish.md
redirect_from:
  - /cli-documentation/v7/cli-commands/npm-unpublish
  - /cli-documentation/v7/cli-commands/unpublish
  - /cli-documentation/v7/commands/npm-unpublish
  - /cli-documentation/v7/commands/unpublish
  - /cli-documentation/v7/npm-unpublish
  - /cli-documentation/v7/unpublish
  - /cli/v7/cli-commands/npm-unpublish
  - /cli/v7/cli-commands/unpublish
  - /cli/v7/commands/unpublish
  - /cli/v7/npm-unpublish
  - /cli/v7/unpublish
---

### Synopsis

To learn more about how the npm registry treats unpublish, see our <a
href="https://docs.npmjs.com/policies/unpublish" target="_blank"
rel="noopener noreferrer"> unpublish policies</a>

#### Unpublishing a single version of a package

```bash
npm unpublish [<@scope>/]<pkg>@<version>
```

#### Unpublishing an entire package

```bash
npm unpublish [<@scope>/]<pkg> --force
```

### Warning

Consider using the [`deprecate`](/cli/v7/commands/npm-deprecate) command instead,
if your intent is to encourage users to upgrade, or if you no longer
want to maintain a package.

### Description

This removes a package version from the registry, deleting its entry and
removing the tarball.

The npm registry will return an error if you are not [logged
in](/cli/v7/commands/npm-adduser).

If you do not specify a version or if you remove all of a package's
versions then the registry will remove the root package entry entirely.

Even if you unpublish a package version, that specific name and version
combination can never be reused. In order to publish the package again,
you must use a new version number. If you unpublish the entire package,
you may not publish any new versions of that package until 24 hours have
passed.

### Configuration

<!-- AUTOGENERATED CONFIG DESCRIPTIONS START -->
<!-- automatically generated, do not edit manually -->
<!-- see lib/utils/config/definitions.js -->
#### `dry-run`

* Default: false
* Type: Boolean

Indicates that you don't want npm to make any changes and that it should
only report what it would have done. This can be passed into any of the
commands that modify your local installation, eg, `install`, `update`,
`dedupe`, `uninstall`, as well as `pack` and `publish`.

Note: This is NOT honored by other network related commands, eg `dist-tags`,
`owner`, etc.

<!-- automatically generated, do not edit manually -->
<!-- see lib/utils/config/definitions.js -->

#### `force`

* Default: false
* Type: Boolean

Removes various protections against unfortunate side effects, common
mistakes, unnecessary performance degradation, and malicious input.

* Allow clobbering non-npm files in global installs.
* Allow the `npm version` command to work on an unclean git repository.
* Allow deleting the cache folder with `npm cache clean`.
* Allow installing packages that have an `engines` declaration requiring a
  different version of npm.
* Allow installing packages that have an `engines` declaration requiring a
  different version of `node`, even if `--engine-strict` is enabled.
* Allow `npm audit fix` to install modules outside your stated dependency
  range (including SemVer-major changes).
* Allow unpublishing all versions of a published package.
* Allow conflicting peerDependencies to be installed in the root project.
* Implicitly set `--yes` during `npm init`.
* Allow clobbering existing values in `npm pkg`

If you don't have a clear idea of what you want to do, it is strongly
recommended that you do not use this option!

<!-- automatically generated, do not edit manually -->
<!-- see lib/utils/config/definitions.js -->

#### `workspace`

* Default:
* Type: String (can be set multiple times)

Enable running a command in the context of the configured workspaces of the
current project while filtering by running only the workspaces defined by
this configuration option.

Valid values for the `workspace` config are either:

* Workspace names
* Path to a workspace directory
* Path to a parent workspace directory (will result to selecting all of the
  nested workspaces)

When set for the `npm init` command, this may be set to the folder of a
workspace which does not yet exist, to create the folder and set it up as a
brand new workspace within the project.

This value is not exported to the environment for child processes.

<!-- automatically generated, do not edit manually -->
<!-- see lib/utils/config/definitions.js -->

#### `workspaces`

* Default: false
* Type: Boolean

Enable running a command in the context of **all** the configured
workspaces.

This value is not exported to the environment for child processes.

<!-- automatically generated, do not edit manually -->
<!-- see lib/utils/config/definitions.js -->

<!-- AUTOGENERATED CONFIG DESCRIPTIONS END -->

### See Also

* [npm deprecate](/cli/v7/commands/npm-deprecate)
* [npm publish](/cli/v7/commands/npm-publish)
* [npm registry](/cli/v7/using-npm/registry)
* [npm adduser](/cli/v7/commands/npm-adduser)
* [npm owner](/cli/v7/commands/npm-owner)
* [npm login](/cli/v7/commands/npm-adduser)
